(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) How are you going to get people to
stop being trans?
I think we're going to tell boys that
they're not girls.
So we're going to tell boys that they're
not girls, and they're going to listen.
Yeah, basically.
Yeah, that's what we've done for most of
history.
Because that happened to me, and I can
promise you to God that I didn't listen.
Yeah, well, because we live at a time
that is affirming the transgender delusion.
But if we lived at a more sensible
time, probably you would have listened.
And I think we should just return to
a more sensible kind of politics.
You're not giving a solution on how you
would even be capable of doing something like
that.
We kicked the fellas out of the boys'
bathroom.
We kicked the transgender teaching out of schools.
We just enforced the law as it was
before 2015.
There was a law prohibiting trans women to
go into the women's bathroom, or trans men
going into the men's bathroom.
Yeah, it's there in the term women's bathroom.
That's why men can't go.
Yes, there are all sorts of laws against
public indecency, for one, against men going into
women's sports leagues.
There are all sorts of regulations against that,
or at least there were until recently.
We did not have, established in public life,
transgenderism until very, very recently.
That's not true.
That is true.
What about the two-spirited people?
What is the two-spirited people?
In the indigenous community, they are...
I don't want to get into semantics, but
I'm just...
I know that there has...
The fact is that there has always been
trans people.
Do you know where the phrase two-spirited
came from?
I don't.
Please enlighten me.
It came from the third annual inter-tribal
Native American First Nations Gay and Lesbian Americans
Conference in 1990.
And the woman who coined that term...
I just don't think that that's true.
It's true.
The woman who coined that term admitted...
Hold on.
Let me just finish my point on this.
The woman who coined that term, Maya Laramie,
admitted somewhat recently that the term two-spirit
came to her in a dream in 1990.
Now, the Ojibwe Nation actually has translated this
term.
I just don't...
It's the Nijmani Duwag.
But they translated it from the English in
1990.
How you're capable of eradicating an entire percentage
of people by setting laws?
Because people are so...
You're not...
I think you're choosing not to hear what
I'm saying.
Because I'm saying we don't want to eradicate
any people.
We want to eradicate...
Isn't the word eradicate in the past?
But the other word is transgenderism, which is
an ideology, not a group of people.
But I am a transgender person.
You can't just skip over that fact.
You are a confused person, but you're not...
I'm not, babe.
I'm so secure in myself.
And there's other women in this room that
are also trans, have been trans for 20
plus years, seven years, babe, that know exactly
what they're doing.
You're confused because it's not possible for a
man to become a woman.
How are you capable of looking at somebody
without knowing their bodily autonomy, knowing anything that's
going on with their medical history?
Your bodily autonomy?
Anything.
Because I know the basics of human nature.
You know nothing about me.
I know that you're human.
And I know a little bit about human
nature.
And I know that a boy can't become
a girl.
So that's what I know.
Does anybody want to take that?